[Music]
in 1978 they were the best of friends
they're getting back together for the
first time in over 30 years remember
okay I always tell you about Rob of
course oh and these must be your mother
my wife I'm sorry I'm not Oh grody from
Columbia Pictures they're meeting each
other's families
oh boy swing what I'm doing this weekend
yeah learning about their kids come here
to be a little stuck that your son is so
cute how old is he
48 months that's four yeah and showing
them how it's done that's it no more
video games
no more cell phones from now on stay
outside and play what are we supposed to
do you see a rope and a lake and that
doesn't make you wanna go nuts class is
in session
Adam Sandler Kevin James Chris Rock
David Spade
Rob Schneider and Salma Hayek what do
you want to do today anything what was
your favorite thing to do when you're 12
oh well I can't do that on June 20
[Music]
you